Add Missing Fillers/Extractors for Supported Fields and Support Day Conversion (#8531)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We moved the search box in preview preferences closer to the available citation styles list. [#8370](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/8370)
- Changing the preference to show the preview panel as a separate tab now has effect without restarting JabRef. [#8370](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/8370)
- We enabled switching themes in JabRef without the need to restart JabRef. [#7335](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/7335)

> - We added support for Day Field during XMP (DCSchema) -> BibTex Conversion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We added support for the field `day`, `rights`, `coverage` and `language` when reading XMP data in Dublin Core format[#8491](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8491)
```

> - We added support for the field `day`, `rights`, `coverage` and `language` when reading XMP data in Dublin Core format[#8491](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8491)

Reviewer 2: Spacing fix:

```suggestion
- We added support for the field `day`, `rights`, `coverage` and `language` when reading XMP data in Dublin Core format. [#8491](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8491)
```
